Add download page in website header and new super-quick-start guide (#1855)
GMOD/jbrowse-components: website/docs/introduction.md

We provide

- [Super-quick start guide](superquickstart_web) - super brief setup
  instructions e.g. 10 lines of CLI commands to help admins who are familiar
  with jbrowse with getting setup
- [Quick start guide](quickstart_web) - a more thourough quick-start guide to
  help admins setting up JBrowse 2 on their website
- [User guide](user_guide) - screenshots of the app and general usage
- [Configuration guide](config_guide) - for detailed configuration settings
- [Developer guide](developer_guide) - for developers of plugins and
  core codebase topics
- [FAQ](faq) - Some Q&A for troubleshooting or other topics
- [@jbrowse/linear-genome-view docs](https://jbrowse.org/storybook/lgv/main/) -

>   Docs for the re-usable linear genome view react component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Docs for the reusable linear genome view React component
```

We provide

- [Super-quick start guide](quickstart_web) - super brief setup instructions
  e.g. 10 lines of CLI commands to help admins who are familiar with jbrowse
  with getting setup
- [Quick start guide](quickstart_web) - a more thourough quick-start guide to

>   help admins setting up JBrowse 2 on their website

Reviewer 2: looks like these two links go to the same place

Author: nice catch, should be fixed
